Message from the corporate executive team

 

February 2018

 

Dear colleagues from the PAMS and Rehab divisions,


We hope that your new year is off to a great start and you are proud to look back at the results that we achieved together in the last months of 2017.

 

Thanks to our joint efforts, the Rehab division achieved an outstanding revenue growth of around 20 percent in the international business, with more than 45 percent growth rate in the Chinese market. This growth balances out the effects of a couple of unfortunate hurdles in the PAMS division that made revenue growth of the PAMS division stagnate in 2017. However, the respective signs point to achieving a significant growth of 30~40 percent in 2018 in the PAMS division as well which enables us to continue our growth path to success. Our “Stronger Together” success story continues!

 

Last month, on January 23 and 24, we held our first Corporate Executive Board (CEB) meeting in Anyang, South Korea. The board consists of Jason Chen (CEO), Gery Colombo (President Rehab division), Ho-Yeon Kim (President PAMS division), and Darren Leow (Corporate CFO). The board’s supporters include Secretary Veronica Trost, Advisor Michiel Westermann, and guests Jan Zuurbier and Barry Hes.

 



 

At the meeting, the board was able to make several important decisions, e.g. with regards to our joint Corporate Identity, our global distribution network, our CRM/ERP implementation project, financial initiatives, and our new organizational structure. We also used the trip to become “Stronger Together”: As a team, we worked on finding solutions, we let ourselves be inspired by one another, and we deepened our mutual trust. Our Korean hosts made us feel especially welcome also after the meetings with a social a get-together and a dinner. In two full days of meetings, the Corporate Executive Board brought us even closer together and enabled us to take major decisions that will unite our divisions, take advantage of their combined strength and bring us together as a global team.

 



 

We are proud to announce that, due to our global marketing team’s tireless efforts, we have decided on a new Corporate Identity and brand design that will accompany us on our path towards our IPO. The corporate dark blue logo looks trustworthy, clean, and straightforward while maintaining a stylish appearance. The range of colors reflects the gradients we chose for the PAMS (blue to green) and Rehab (orange to purple) divisions. We believe that the new DIH logo and color scheme demonstrate unity on the corporate level while allowing for differentiation of our target markets pharmacy automation and rehabilitation on the division level.

 

DIH’s organizational diagram reflects the latest organizational changes and shows our steady efforts to grow together as one DIH team.

 

 




 

 Thanks to our integration efforts, the Rehab division has made great progress. We are very proud to have established efficient sales structures that enabled us to reach 2017’s growth rate and we will continue to implement our new sales strategy over the next few months. In the last email to the Rehab division, we reported on Project Marvel, our undertaking to go public in an IPO. While we are very committed to developing and implementing our Corporate Vision and have reached several milestones within our CRM/ERP project, we are also working hard on HocoNet. We are establishing connectivity between our devices and hospital information systems and expect the first version of the software to be available for customers by the end of Q3 2018, followed by treatment planning and reporting functionality by the end of Q4 2018 and a patient portal beginning of 2019. This year, we will intensify our efforts to hire capable managers of our target market’s Total Solutions. Clearly, we have taken important steps to prepare for a successful IPO, despite the seemingly small movement of the slider below.

 



 

 

  In 2017, the DIH PAMS division faced challenges in the North American and Chinese target regions, causing setbacks in revenue growth. However, with the integration efforts initiated four months ago to combine Cretem and DIH China’s medication business into PAMS Division, we expect PAMS will grow out of the challenges with stronger capabilities and enhanced total solutions, which shall enable PAMS to capitalize on emerging new strategic opportunities and return to high growth path in 2nd half of 2018.

 

The megatrends Automation and Artificial Intelligence are estimated to create a 10 billion USD market for global Pharmaceutical Automation and Medication Solutions by 2026. Moving away from product-focused selling, DIH PAMS division is taking full advantage of this one-time opportunity with solutions-focused packages comprising hardware, software, services, and new business models. We are aware of our potential for differentiation and are actively pursuing solutions to support sales growth. We recognize the need for additional investment in international sales, marketing, and solution development. We are confident that together, we can identify the levers that need pulling in order to achieve our revenue growth target of 2018 and beyond. During the CEB, we decided that the DIH PAMS division may make full use of the global distribution hub network, aiming towards integrating the distribution activities of the PAMS division into the hubs, thereby boosting our internationalization efforts and additionally creating a global presence for PAMS. A clear example of how PAMS and Rehab can strengthen each other!

 

Last but not least, to recognize the entrepreneurial spirit and decades’ dedication to the hard-works of building a real business with shared vision, Jason has invited Gery and Ho-Yeon as Co-Founders of the DIH family. We believe as we grow stronger together, more inspiring entrepreneurial persons will be invited for such honor to show our deep appreciation to their contributions to help making DIH’s legendary history. The CEB is also contemplating a more pervasive incentive and recognition program to recognize more contributors to our shared vision and success.

 

While we work towards another year of strong results, we want to want to thank everyone who contributed to this year’s results for their effort and dedication. Every single one of you plays a key role in our Group’s growth trajectory and we are grateful to have you aboard. You are the strong foundation pathing the road to a successful IPO.

 



 

Your global leaders

Ho-Yeon Kim              Jason Chen             Gery Colombo


 